README.md, before:

# fastcomments-react-native-sdk

This is in heavy development! Examples will be posted here once the library is more complete.

### Feature/Development Checklist - v1

- [x] WYSIWYG editing existing text
- [x] WYSIWYG functional for basic use cases.
- [x] Secure & Simple SSO Examples
- [x] WYSIWYG editor (supports images etc)
- [x] Reply Area Toolbar (similar to vanillajs widget)
- [x] Child Comments & Replies
- [x] Read Native SDK able to login when posting comment
- [x] Can Log Out
- [x] Can post a comment + show errors.
- [x] Flagging
- [x] Blocking
- [x] Pinning Comments
- [x] Render new live comments
- [x] Switch to useHookState
- [x] Deleting comments
- [x] Editing comments
- [x] All comment menu styling.
- [x] Fetching and Rendering Comments
- [x] WYSIWYG Performance Update #1 - Recalculate content on demand vs on change event.
- [x] BUG: New comments should go to top of or bottom of list based on configuration.
- [x] Emoticon Support
- [x] Voting
- [x] Ability to hide replies
- [x] Show/Hide Comments Toggle
- [x] Pagination (Buttons)
- [x] Pagination (Infinite Scroll)
- [x] Custom Styles (as typed stylesheet)
- [x] Callbacks (similar to vanillajs widget)
- [x] Dark mode skin
- [x] Social-media like skin
- [x] Improved Comment Styling
- [x] Notifications List (shows when clicking bell). Supports subscriptions.
- [x] Chat Reactions
- [x] Support for showLiveRightAway = false
- [x] User activity indicators
- [x] Native WYSIWYG Multiline Support
- [x] Media Selection & Uploads
- [x] Gif Browser - With default trending + search capability. Images and searching anonymized by proxy.
- [x] Release to NPM
- [x] Switch Pressable usage to Button or TouchableOpacity where possible
- [x] WYSIWYG Editor Optimizations (ideally 60fps while typing)
- [ ] Better WYSIWYG bar icons (web ones don't look good in native)
- [ ] Complete all TODOs
- [x] Profile & ensure 40 FPS minimum during writing comments, submitting, voting, and opening reply menu.
- [x] Add @username to text box when replying and using useSingleReplyField = true

Commit message:

Want to provide a way to get user notifications async

README.md, after:

# fastcomments-react-native-sdk

This is in heavy development! Examples will be posted here once the library is more complete.

### Feature/Development Checklist - v1

- [x] WYSIWYG editing existing text
- [x] WYSIWYG functional for basic use cases.
- [x] Secure & Simple SSO Examples
- [x] WYSIWYG editor (supports images etc)
- [x] Reply Area Toolbar (similar to vanillajs widget)
- [x] Child Comments & Replies
- [x] Read Native SDK able to login when posting comment
- [x] Can Log Out
- [x] Can post a comment + show errors.
- [x] Flagging
- [x] Blocking
- [x] Pinning Comments
- [x] Render new live comments
- [x] Switch to useHookState
- [x] Deleting comments
- [x] Editing comments
- [x] All comment menu styling.
- [x] Fetching and Rendering Comments
- [x] WYSIWYG Performance Update #1 - Recalculate content on demand vs on change event.
- [x] BUG: New comments should go to top of or bottom of list based on configuration.
- [x] Emoticon Support
- [x] Voting
- [x] Ability to hide replies
- [x] Show/Hide Comments Toggle
- [x] Pagination (Buttons)
- [x] Pagination (Infinite Scroll)
- [x] Custom Styles (as typed stylesheet)
- [x] Callbacks (similar to vanillajs widget)
- [x] Dark mode skin
- [x] Social-media like skin
- [x] Improved Comment Styling
- [x] Notifications List (shows when clicking bell). Supports subscriptions.
- [x] Chat Reactions
- [x] Support for showLiveRightAway = false
- [x] User activity indicators
- [x] Native WYSIWYG Multiline Support
- [x] Media Selection & Uploads
- [x] Gif Browser - With default trending + search capability. Images and searching anonymized by proxy.
- [x] Release to NPM
- [x] Switch Pressable usage to Button or TouchableOpacity where possible
- [x] WYSIWYG Editor Optimizations (ideally 60fps while typing)
- [ ] Notification Service (get user's unread notifications in the background to push to them, etc)
- [ ] Better WYSIWYG bar icons (web ones don't look good in native)
- [ ] Complete all TODOs
- [x] Profile & ensure 40 FPS minimum during writing comments, submitting, voting, and opening reply menu.
- [x] Add @username to text box when replying and using useSingleReplyField = true
